pass tests/userprog/args-none
pass tests/userprog/args-single
pass tests/userprog/args-multiple
pass tests/userprog/args-many
pass tests/userprog/args-dbl-space
pass tests/userprog/create-empty
pass tests/userprog/create-long
pass tests/userprog/create-normal
pass tests/userprog/create-exists
pass tests/userprog/create-null
pass tests/userprog/create-bad-ptr
pass tests/userprog/open-missing
pass tests/userprog/open-normal
pass tests/userprog/open-twice
pass tests/userprog/open-empty
pass tests/userprog/open-null
pass tests/userprog/open-bad-ptr
pass tests/userprog/read-normal
pass tests/userprog/read-zero
pass tests/userprog/read-stdout
pass tests/userprog/read-bad-fd
pass tests/userprog/read-bad-ptr
pass tests/userprog/write-normal
pass tests/userprog/write-zero
pass tests/userprog/write-stdin
pass tests/userprog/write-bad-ptr
pass tests/userprog/write-bad-fd
pass tests/userprog/close-normal
pass tests/userprog/close-twice
pass tests/userprog/close-stdin
pass tests/userprog/close-stdout
pass tests/userprog/close-bad-fd
pass tests/userprog/exec-once
pass tests/userprog/exec-multiple
pass tests/userprog/exec-arg
FAIL tests/userprog/exec-missing
pass tests/userprog/exec-bad-ptr
FAIL tests/userprog/wait-simple
FAIL tests/userprog/wait-twice
pass tests/userprog/wait-bad-pid
FAIL tests/userprog/wait-killed
FAIL tests/userprog/comb-oft
FAIL tests/userprog/comb-ewcorwc
FAIL tests/userprog/comb-nested
